[datadog] Comment clarifying relationship between clusterChecksRunner and useClusterCheckRunners configurations and corresponding Helm warning note. (#818)
DataDog/helm-charts: charts/datadog/templates/NOTES.txt

To enable it please set clusterAgent.enabled to 'true'.
{{- end }}

{{- if and .Values.datadog.kubeStateMetricsCore.useClusterCheckRunners (not .Values.clusterChecksRunner.enabled)}}

###################################################################################
####               WARNING: Suboptimal Cluster Checks Runner configuration     ####
###################################################################################

> You have `datadog.kubeStateMetricsCore.useClusterCheckRunners` enabled and `clusterChecksRunner.enabled` disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The option `datadog.kubeStateMetricsCore.useClusterCheckRunners` is enabled and `clusterChecksRunner.enabled` disabled.
```

Reviewer: I think we don't directly address the user in the doc, I could be wrong

Author: We are not consistent across all notes but quite a few directly address the user ([link](https://cs.github.com/DataDog/helm-charts/blob/b112e1e3f37cd0fd779701d8f6030d6f9279fd5e/charts/datadog/templates/NOTES.txt?q=org%3ADataDog+path%3ANOTES.txt+repo%3Ahelm-charts+you#L61)) so will keep it as is.

> This configuration will create Cluster Checks Runner deployment but some of the cluster checks may still run on Node Agents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This configuration will create a Cluster Checks Runner deployment but some of the cluster checks may still run on Node Agents.
```

> To make sure all cluster check run on Cluster Checks Runner set `clusterChecksRunner.enabled` to 'true'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make sure all cluster checks run on Cluster Checks Runners set `clusterChecksRunner.enabled` to 'true'.
```
